When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If you want to be able to contribute via different computers to work on the project and/or if you have other people wanting to contribute to the project. 



Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may be working on something separate to other people contributing on the same project and don't want any merging to happen at this stage. 
People can contribute to your remote so there may be errors or changes that you don't want. 
It's easier to clearly see what is local to your computer and what is online.



Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branches - this is within the same workspace where you want to create an alternative version to the master branch
Clones - you can clone a repo (either from online or locally) which will let you then have that repo on your local computer to edit
Forks - essentially cloning but through GitHub which also ensures attribution remains with the original creator of the repo



What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It means you can compare your data to see what changes have been made before committing to a merge with your local master branch.
You can get the latest state of a project and then work offline.



How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You would need to create different folders with names of alternate branches, and keep copying between them, making a note on a separate file whenever a change has been committed. You could then zip this up and share with people, asking them to follow the same system. 
However, it would be very hard to ensure every change is fully tracked and to find mistakes when things go wrong. Plus you would need to save multiple file names which will become confusing and hard to keep track of. 